Update User Guide - Include SortyBy parameter in the CSW Catalog (#10096)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/user-guide/catalog.md

* *Tile size (WMS)*: it represents tile size (width and height) to be used for tiles of all layers added to the map from the catalog source (`256x256` or `512x512`). For layers already loaded on the map, it is possible to change the tile size through the [Layer Settings](https://mapstore.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user-guide/layer-settings/#display) tool as usual.

> * *Sorty By*: to retrieve the catalog result in sorted order, user can add the `propertyName` of the attributes that the user wants to filter and select the sort order (`ASC` or `DESC`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Sorty By*: to retrieve the catalog result in ascending or descending order, it is possible to enter the `propertyName` of the metadata attributes and select the desired sort type (`ASC` or `DESC`).
```
